[Dashboard] - OneClick deploy documentation (#312)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/usage/dashboards.md

Dashboards can be imported from the custom dashboards list:

1. Click on the `Import dashboard` button in the right top corner
   ![Import dashboard option](assets/import-dashboard-new.png)
2. Select your file.

> You can select dashboards file from the XTM Hub by clicking the ```Import from Hub``` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select custom dashboards from the XTM Hub by clicking the ```Import from Hub``` button
```

Reviewer: I would rename dashboard for custom dashboards without naming it file

> _Connect to the XTM Hub to download a JSON file that will be easy to import on OpenCTI following this process._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Connect to the XTM Hub to download a JSON file that can be easily imported into OpenCTI using the following process._"
```

> #### 1Click deploy a dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### One-click dashboard deployment
```

From the XTM Hub, you can effortlessly deploy your desired dashboard with just a single click.

> To get started, simply enroll your OpenCTI platform following the instructions in our Enrollment documentation here: XXX.

Reviewer: We need to add the link to our documentation before merging this PR then!

Here, in order to be more clear, we should specify that the enrollment is inside of the documentation of an other product: xtm hub

> Next, navigate to your preferred dashboard and click the Deploy in OpenCTI button located in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, navigate to your preferred dashboard and click the `Deploy in OpenCTI ` button located in the top right corner.
```

If you have multiple OpenCTI platforms registered, choose the platform where you wish to deploy the dashboard.
You will then be redirected to the OpenCTI platform, where the process will proceed automatically.

> Within a few seconds, you'll be directed to your newly created dashboard.
> 
> ![Import dashboard option](assets/one-click-deploy.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a few seconds, you'll be directed to your newly created custom dashboard.

![Import dashboard option](assets/one-click-deploy.png)
```
